README.md, before:

# WebAssembly models for FOAM

WebAssembly models for FOAM. Still a work-in-progress.

### Generate the demo `.wasm` file
```
node wasm.js
```

### Run the output file
```
node try1.js
```

### Architecture

#### `/src/wasm/foam`

Contains extensions to the FOAM Framework, most notably adding explicit macro
support.

#### `/src/wasm/outputter`

Defines the interface for models that can output WASM bytecode.

#### `/src/wasm/model`

Contains models representing symbols in the WASM bytecode's grammar. The
package is split into two subpackages to differentiate primitive values from
symbols composed of them.

##### `/src/wasm/model/primitive`

Defines Byte, Name, and IntegerValue.
- IntegerValue is meant to output any LEB128-encoded integers, as specified by
  its properties 'bitWidth' and 'signed'
- Name can be used in place of Vector(Byte) for better memory efficiency.

##### `/src/wasm/model/composite`

Models in here all use `./meta/Macro` to describe a composite WASM outputter.

#### `/src/instructions.js`

This is a bit of a mess right now - planning to reorganize it before adding more.

Commit message:

Organize instructions into wasm.model.ins package

README.md, after:

# WebAssembly models for FOAM

WebAssembly models for FOAM. Still a work-in-progress.

### Generate the demo `.wasm` file
```
node wasm.js
```

### Run the output file
```
node try1.js
```

### Architecture

#### `/src/wasm/foam`

Contains extensions to the FOAM Framework, most notably adding explicit macro
support.

#### `/src/wasm/outputter`

Defines the interface for models that can output WASM bytecode.

#### `/src/wasm/model`

Contains models representing symbols in the WASM bytecode's grammar. The
package is split into two subpackages to differentiate primitive values from
symbols composed of them.

##### `/src/wasm/model/primitive`

Defines Byte, Name, and IntegerValue.
- IntegerValue is meant to output any LEB128-encoded integers, as specified by
  its properties 'bitWidth' and 'signed'
- Name can be used in place of Vector(Byte) for better memory efficiency.

##### `/src/wasm/model/composite`

Models in here all use `./meta/Macro` to describe a composite WASM outputter.

#### `/src/instructions.js`

All instructions extend OpInstruction. Instructions are defined in `instructions.js`
using the macro `wasm.model.ins.InstructionModel`.
